README.md, before:

### Spring Boot REST API with PostgreSQL

This project demonstrates various REST API methods (GET, PUT, POST, DELETE) using Java's Spring Boot framework and PostgreSQL database.

Tech stack: Java Spring Boot, PostgreSQL database, JPA (Java Persistence API)\
Tools used: VSCode, Postman, PgAdmin postgresql console


### REST API Method Table
```
| Number | API Name              | HTTP Method | Path                        | Status Code    | Additional details                    |
|--------|-----------------------|-------------|-----------------------------|----------------|---------------------------------------|
| 1      | GET load              | GET         | /load                       | 200 OK         | All load details are retrieved        |
| 2      | POST load             | POST        | /load                       | 201 Created    | A new load is created                 |
| 3      | GET load by Id        | GET         | /load/{id}                  | 200 OK         | Specific load is fetched by Id        |
| 4      | GET load by shipperId | GET         | /load/shipperId/{shipperID} | 200 OK         | Specific load is fetched by shipperId |
| 5      | PUT load              | PUT         | /load/{id}                  | 200 OK         | Specific load is updated              |
| 6      | DELETE load           | DELETE      | /load/{id}                  | 204 No Content | Specific load is deleted              |
```


### Example screenshots
![Screenshot (101)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/29b9e656-eca1-4750-8a80-14f8c7b8f590)

![Screenshot (88)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf8d207a-339c-40d8-ae82-1d75dc0877c6)
![Screenshot (89)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d3757c7c-7600-4741-bb89-24c55f1edc72)
![Screenshot (90)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/786d712f-d211-420c-a189-e04061bfca7c)
![Screenshot (91)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fed22d8f-0a2c-48e6-a232-37557afc6fa9)
![Screenshot (92)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a2e8a047-e1ad-494c-a939-23dc9d38abf6)
![Screenshot (93)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ec06a9c-3e89-423e-ac7b-56320fc6fd6e)
![Screenshot (94)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a84cf876-24fc-4e4d-a9d4-c5a9b670c75b)
![Screenshot (95)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8dcc7de7-eb56-4a8b-b78c-291393f069a4)
![Screenshot (96)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f64405c4-31a5-4140-881d-dae09b5d61cd)
![Screenshot (97)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8939c020-ac7c-469a-8452-fe80c49bd486)
![Screenshot (98)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9c231594-8efc-4efd-916b-872b326f2079)
![Screenshot (99)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dfed3741-2140-4cc1-a295-ca8bcec6c59b)

Commit message:

Added architecture diagram for Spring Boot in README.md

README.md, after:

### Spring Boot REST API with PostgreSQL

This project demonstrates various REST API methods (GET, PUT, POST, DELETE) using Java's Spring Boot framework and PostgreSQL database.

Tech stack: Java Spring Boot, PostgreSQL database, JPA (Java Persistence API)\
Tools used: VSCode, Postman, PgAdmin postgresql console


### REST API Method Table
```
| Number | API Name              | HTTP Method | Path                        | Status Code    | Additional details                    |
|--------|-----------------------|-------------|-----------------------------|----------------|---------------------------------------|
| 1      | GET load              | GET         | /load                       | 200 OK         | All load details are retrieved        |
| 2      | POST load             | POST        | /load                       | 201 Created    | A new load is created                 |
| 3      | GET load by Id        | GET         | /load/{id}                  | 200 OK         | Specific load is fetched by Id        |
| 4      | GET load by shipperId | GET         | /load/shipperId/{shipperID} | 200 OK         | Specific load is fetched by shipperId |
| 5      | PUT load              | PUT         | /load/{id}                  | 200 OK         | Specific load is updated              |
| 6      | DELETE load           | DELETE      | /load/{id}                  | 204 No Content | Specific load is deleted              |
```

### Spring Boot Architecture
| ![architecture diagram of spring boot](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ebd2c91b-7e42-4a81-987e-44250a5a4a8c) |
|:--:| 
| *Architecture of Spring Boot Framework* |

### Example screenshots
![Screenshot (101)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/29b9e656-eca1-4750-8a80-14f8c7b8f590)

![Screenshot (88)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cf8d207a-339c-40d8-ae82-1d75dc0877c6)
![Screenshot (89)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d3757c7c-7600-4741-bb89-24c55f1edc72)
![Screenshot (90)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/786d712f-d211-420c-a189-e04061bfca7c)
![Screenshot (91)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/fed22d8f-0a2c-48e6-a232-37557afc6fa9)
![Screenshot (92)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a2e8a047-e1ad-494c-a939-23dc9d38abf6)
![Screenshot (93)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5ec06a9c-3e89-423e-ac7b-56320fc6fd6e)
![Screenshot (94)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a84cf876-24fc-4e4d-a9d4-c5a9b670c75b)
![Screenshot (95)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8dcc7de7-eb56-4a8b-b78c-291393f069a4)
![Screenshot (96)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f64405c4-31a5-4140-881d-dae09b5d61cd)
![Screenshot (97)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8939c020-ac7c-469a-8452-fe80c49bd486)
![Screenshot (98)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9c231594-8efc-4efd-916b-872b326f2079)
![Screenshot (99)](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/dfed3741-2140-4cc1-a295-ca8bcec6c59b)
